README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/logo.jpg" width="200"/>
</p>

English | [中文](README_zh.md) | [한국어](README_ko.md) | [日本語](README_ja.md)

[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/mannaandpoem/OpenManus?style=social)](https://github.com/mannaandpoem/OpenManus/stargazers)
&ensp;
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) &ensp;
[![Discord Follow](https://dcbadge.vercel.app/api/server/DYn29wFk9z?style=flat)](https://discord.gg/DYn29wFk9z)
[![Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Demo-Hugging%20Face-yellow)](https://huggingface.co/spaces/lyh-917/OpenManusDemo)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.15186407.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15186407)

# 👋 OpenManus

Manus is incredible, but OpenManus can achieve any idea without an *Invite Code* 🛫!

Our team members [@Xinbin Liang](https://github.com/mannaandpoem) and [@Jinyu Xiang](https://github.com/XiangJinyu) (core authors), along with [@Zhaoyang Yu](https://github.com/MoshiQAQ), [@Jiayi Zhang](https://github.com/didiforgithub), and [@Sirui Hong](https://github.com/stellaHSR), we are from [@MetaGPT](https://github.com/geekan/MetaGPT). The prototype is launched within 3 hours and we are keeping building!

It's a simple implementation, so we welcome any suggestions, contributions, and feedback!

Enjoy your own agent with OpenManus!

We're also excited to introduce [OpenManus-RL](https://github.com/OpenManus/OpenManus-RL), an open-source project dedicated to reinforcement learning (RL)- based (such as GRPO) tuning methods for LLM agents, developed collaboratively by researchers from UIUC and OpenManus.

## Project Demo

<video src="https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/61239030/420168772-6dcfd0d2-9142-45d9-b74e-d10aa75073c6.mp4?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.UuHQCgWYkh0OQq9qsUWqGsUbhG3i9jcZDAMeHjLt5T4" data-canonical-src="https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/61239030/420168772-6dcfd0d2-9142-45d9-b74e-d10aa75073c6.mp4?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJnaXRodWIuY29tIiwiYXVkIjoicmF3LmdpdGh1YnVzZXJjb250ZW50LmNvbSIsImtleSI6ImtleTUiLCJleHAiOjE3NDEzMTgwNTksIm5iZiI6MTc0MTMxNzc1OSwicGF0aCI6Ii82MTIzOTAzMC80MjAxNjg3NzItNmRjZmQwZDItOTE0Mi00NWQ5LWI3NGUtZDEwYWE3NTA3M2M2Lm1wND9YLUFtei1BbGdvcml0aG09QVdTNC1ITUFDLVNIQTI1NiZYLUFtei1DcmVkZW50aWFsPUFLSUFWQ09EWUxTQTUzUFFLNFpBJTJGMjAyNTAzMDclMkZ1cy1lYXN0LTElMkZzMyUyRmF3czRfcmVxdWVzdCZYLUFtei1EYXRlPTIwMjUwMzA3VDAzMjIzOVomWC1BbXotRXhwaXJlcz0zMDAmWC1BbXotU2lnbmF0dXJlPTdiZjFkNjlmYWNjMmEzOTliM2Y3M2VlYjgyNDRlZDJmOWE3NWZhZjE1MzhiZWY4YmQ3NjdkNTYwYTU5ZDA2MzYmWC1BbXotU2lnbmVkSGVhZGVycz1ob3N0In0.UuHQCgWYkh0OQq9qsUWqGsUbhG3i9jcZDAMeHjLt5T4" controls="controls" muted="muted" class="d-block rounded-bottom-2 border-top width-fit" style="max-height:640px; min-height: 200px"></video>

## Installation

We provide two installation methods. Method 2 (using uv) is recommended for faster installation and better dependency management.

### Method 1: Using conda

1. Create a new conda environment:

```bash
conda create -n open_manus python=3.12
conda activate open_manus
```

2. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mannaandpoem/OpenManus.git
cd OpenManus
```

3. Install dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Method 2: Using uv (Recommended)

1. Install uv (A fast Python package installer and resolver):

```bash
curl -LsSf https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh
```

2. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mannaandpoem/OpenManus.git
cd OpenManus
```

3. Create a new virtual environment and activate it:

```bash
uv venv --python 3.12
source .venv/bin/activate  # On Unix/macOS
# Or on Windows:
# .venv\Scripts\activate
```

4. Install dependencies:

```bash
uv pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Browser Automation Tool (Optional)
```bash
playwright install
```

## Configuration

OpenManus requires configuration for the LLM APIs it uses. Follow these steps to set up your configuration:

1. Create a `config.toml` file in the `config` directory (you can copy from the example):

```bash
cp config/config.example.toml config/config.toml
```

2. Edit `config/config.toml` to add your API keys and customize settings:

```toml
# Global LLM configuration
[llm]
model = "gpt-4o"
base_url = "https://api.openai.com/v1"
api_key = "sk-..."  # Replace with your actual API key
max_tokens = 4096
temperature = 0.0

# Optional configuration for specific LLM models
[llm.vision]
model = "gpt-4o"
base_url = "https://api.openai.com/v1"
api_key = "sk-..."  # Replace with your actual API key
```

## Quick Start

One line for run OpenManus:

```bash
python main.py
```

Then input your idea via terminal!

For MCP tool version, you can run:
```bash
python run_mcp.py
```

For unstable multi-agent version, you also can run:

```bash
python run_flow.py
```

## How to contribute

We welcome any friendly suggestions and helpful contributions! Just create issues or submit pull requests.

Or contact @mannaandpoem via 📧email: mannaandpoem@gmail.com

**Note**: Before submitting a pull request, please use the pre-commit tool to check your changes. Run `pre-commit run --all-files` to execute the checks.

## Community Group
Join our networking group on Feishu and share your experience with other developers!

<div align="center" style="display: flex; gap: 20px;">
    <img src="assets/community_group.jpg" alt="OpenManus 交流群" width="300" />
</div>

## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=mannaandpoem/OpenManus&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#mannaandpoem/OpenManus&Date)

## Sponsors
Thanks to [PPIO](https://ppinfra.com/user/register?invited_by=OCPKCN&utm_source=github_openmanus&utm_medium=github_readme&utm_campaign=link) for computing source support.
> PPIO: The most affordable and easily-integrated MaaS and GPU cloud solution.


## Acknowledgement

Thanks to [anthropic-computer-use](https://github.com/anthropics/anthropic-quickstarts/tree/main/computer-use-demo)
and [browser-use](https://github.com/browser-use/browser-use) for providing basic support for this project!

Additionally, we are grateful to [AAAJ](https://github.com/metauto-ai/agent-as-a-judge), [MetaGPT](https://github.com/geekan/MetaGPT), [OpenHands](https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands) and [SWE-agent](https://github.com/SWE-agent/SWE-agent).

We also thank stepfun(阶跃星辰) for supporting our Hugging Face demo space.

OpenManus is built by contributors from MetaGPT. Huge thanks to this agent community!

## Cite
```bibtex
@misc{openmanus2025,
  author = {Xinbin Liang and Jinyu Xiang and Zhaoyang Yu and Jiayi Zhang and Sirui Hong and Sheng Fan and Xiao Tang},
  title = {OpenManus: An open-source framework for building general AI agents},
  year = {2025},
  publisher = {Zenodo},
  doi = {10.5281/zenodo.15186407},
  url = {https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15186407},
}
```

Commit message:

Update README.md to reflect LocalManus project

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/logo.jpg" width="200"/>
</p>

English | [中文](README_zh.md) | [한국어](README_ko.md) | [日本語](README_ja.md)

[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/mannaandpoem/OpenManus?style=social)](https://github.com/mannaandpoem/OpenManus/stargazers)
&ensp;
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) &ensp;
[![Discord Follow](https://dcbadge.vercel.app/api/server/DYn29wFk9z?style=flat)](https://discord.gg/DYn29wFk9z)
[![Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Demo-Hugging%20Face-yellow)](https://huggingface.co/spaces/lyh-917/OpenManusDemo)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.15186407.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15186407)

# 👋 LocalManus

*A fork of OpenManus with enhanced reasoning capabilities and task completion*

## Overview

LocalManus is a fork of the OpenManus project that enhances the reasoning capabilities, ensures task completion, and adds specialized content generation features. It's designed to provide a more reliable and effective agent experience with minimal redundant questioning.

## Key Features

- **Enhanced Task Completion**: Automatically completes tasks after a reasonable number of steps
- **Improved Web Navigation**: Better URL detection and handling, including URL fragments
- **Reduced Redundant Questioning**: Tracks previous questions to avoid repetition
- **File Handling**: Automatically detects file paths and saves content to requested files
- **Specialized Content Creation**: Support for marketing plans, poems, research reports, and more

*Based on the original OpenManus project by [@Xinbin Liang](https://github.com/mannaandpoem), [@Jinyu Xiang](https://github.com/XiangJinyu), and team.*

Enjoy your own agent with OpenManus!

We're also excited to introduce [OpenManus-RL](https://github.com/OpenManus/OpenManus-RL), an open-source project dedicated to reinforcement learning (RL)- based (such as GRPO) tuning methods for LLM agents, developed collaboratively by researchers from UIUC and OpenManus.

## Project Demo

<video src="https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/61239030/420168772-6dcfd0d2-9142-45d9-b74e-d10aa75073c6.mp4?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.UuHQCgWYkh0OQq9qsUWqGsUbhG3i9jcZDAMeHjLt5T4" data-canonical-src="https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/61239030/420168772-6dcfd0d2-9142-45d9-b74e-d10aa75073c6.mp4?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJnaXRodWIuY29tIiwiYXVkIjoicmF3LmdpdGh1YnVzZXJjb250ZW50LmNvbSIsImtleSI6ImtleTUiLCJleHAiOjE3NDEzMTgwNTksIm5iZiI6MTc0MTMxNzc1OSwicGF0aCI6Ii82MTIzOTAzMC80MjAxNjg3NzItNmRjZmQwZDItOTE0Mi00NWQ5LWI3NGUtZDEwYWE3NTA3M2M2Lm1wND9YLUFtei1BbGdvcml0aG09QVdTNC1ITUFDLVNIQTI1NiZYLUFtei1DcmVkZW50aWFsPUFLSUFWQ09EWUxTQTUzUFFLNFpBJTJGMjAyNTAzMDclMkZ1cy1lYXN0LTElMkZzMyUyRmF3czRfcmVxdWVzdCZYLUFtei1EYXRlPTIwMjUwMzA3VDAzMjIzOVomWC1BbXotRXhwaXJlcz0zMDAmWC1BbXotU2lnbmF0dXJlPTdiZjFkNjlmYWNjMmEzOTliM2Y3M2VlYjgyNDRlZDJmOWE3NWZhZjE1MzhiZWY4YmQ3NjdkNTYwYTU5ZDA2MzYmWC1BbXotU2lnbmVkSGVhZGVycz1ob3N0In0.UuHQCgWYkh0OQq9qsUWqGsUbhG3i9jcZDAMeHjLt5T4" controls="controls" muted="muted" class="d-block rounded-bottom-2 border-top width-fit" style="max-height:640px; min-height: 200px"></video>

## Installation

We provide two installation methods. Method 2 (using uv) is recommended for faster installation and better dependency management.

### Method 1: Using conda

1. Create a new conda environment:

```bash
conda create -n open_manus python=3.12
conda activate open_manus
```

2. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mannaandpoem/OpenManus.git
cd OpenManus
```

3. Install dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Method 2: Using uv (Recommended)

1. Install uv (A fast Python package installer and resolver):

```bash
curl -LsSf https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh
```

2. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mannaandpoem/OpenManus.git
cd OpenManus
```

3. Create a new virtual environment and activate it:

```bash
uv venv --python 3.12
source .venv/bin/activate  # On Unix/macOS
# Or on Windows:
# .venv\Scripts\activate
```

4. Install dependencies:

```bash
uv pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Browser Automation Tool (Optional)
```bash
playwright install
```

## Configuration

OpenManus requires configuration for the LLM APIs it uses. Follow these steps to set up your configuration:

1. Create a `config.toml` file in the `config` directory (you can copy from the example):

```bash
cp config/config.example.toml config/config.toml
```

2. Edit `config/config.toml` to add your API keys and customize settings:

```toml
# Global LLM configuration
[llm]
model = "gpt-4o"
base_url = "https://api.openai.com/v1"
api_key = "sk-..."  # Replace with your actual API key
max_tokens = 4096
temperature = 0.0

# Optional configuration for specific LLM models
[llm.vision]
model = "gpt-4o"
base_url = "https://api.openai.com/v1"
api_key = "sk-..."  # Replace with your actual API key
```

## Quick Start

One line for run OpenManus:

```bash
python main.py
```

Then input your idea via terminal!

For MCP tool version, you can run:
```bash
python run_mcp.py
```

For unstable multi-agent version, you also can run:

```bash
python run_flow.py
```

## How to contribute

We welcome any friendly suggestions and helpful contributions! Just create issues or submit pull requests.

Or contact @mannaandpoem via 📧email: mannaandpoem@gmail.com

**Note**: Before submitting a pull request, please use the pre-commit tool to check your changes. Run `pre-commit run --all-files` to execute the checks.

## Community Group
Join our networking group on Feishu and share your experience with other developers!

<div align="center" style="display: flex; gap: 20px;">
    <img src="assets/community_group.jpg" alt="OpenManus 交流群" width="300" />
</div>

## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=mannaandpoem/OpenManus&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#mannaandpoem/OpenManus&Date)

## Sponsors
Thanks to [PPIO](https://ppinfra.com/user/register?invited_by=OCPKCN&utm_source=github_openmanus&utm_medium=github_readme&utm_campaign=link) for computing source support.
> PPIO: The most affordable and easily-integrated MaaS and GPU cloud solution.


## Acknowledgement

Thanks to [anthropic-computer-use](https://github.com/anthropics/anthropic-quickstarts/tree/main/computer-use-demo)
and [browser-use](https://github.com/browser-use/browser-use) for providing basic support for this project!

Additionally, we are grateful to [AAAJ](https://github.com/metauto-ai/agent-as-a-judge), [MetaGPT](https://github.com/geekan/MetaGPT), [OpenHands](https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands) and [SWE-agent](https://github.com/SWE-agent/SWE-agent).

We also thank stepfun(阶跃星辰) for supporting our Hugging Face demo space.

OpenManus is built by contributors from MetaGPT. Huge thanks to this agent community!

## Cite
```bibtex
@misc{openmanus2025,
  author = {Xinbin Liang and Jinyu Xiang and Zhaoyang Yu and Jiayi Zhang and Sirui Hong and Sheng Fan and Xiao Tang},
  title = {OpenManus: An open-source framework for building general AI agents},
  year = {2025},
  publisher = {Zenodo},
  doi = {10.5281/zenodo.15186407},
  url = {https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15186407},
}
```
